(Visuals everywhere even in the first frame!)
All: Hello~
Yves: We, the tall girls, finished a photo shoot
Yves: And short members will do...
(Please call them LOOΠΔ Line unit!)
Kim Lip & JinSoul: Short!
(At that instant, LOOΠΔ Line unit suddenly appears!)
Yves: Let's do a dance battle!
Yves: Bring your boss here!
(Anyway, the dance battle has started!)
(Here comes boss Go Won!)
HaSeul: Our boss is Go Won
(And she attacks with her break dancing skills!)
Kim Lip: Let me show you our boss
Kim Lip: It's Jeon HeeJin
(And the dance moves HeeJin does looks a little violent...)
(Anyway, they are back to their job after the short dance battle!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ - Hi High"
(Pretty as always)
HaSeul: The photo shooting is done finally!
(Say in one word about the first photo shooting for LOOΠΔ full group!)
Chuu: Super fun!
HaSeul: And we will work at Han River tomorrow!
(They look really happy!)
'Let's eat chicken after all the work is done!'
(Such a good company!)
(Anyways, LOOΠΔ TV is continued in the next episode!)
HaSeul: See you tomorrow~